---
title: AIA-Scope
emoji: 🔍
colorFrom: gray
colorTo: indigo
sdk: gradio
sdk_version: 4.12.0
app_file: app.py
pinned: false
license: ecl-2.0
---

## AIA-Scope

Analysis of the .aia file generated by MIT App Inventor


## Developer

Developed by Ramon Mayor Martins (2023)

- E-mail: [rmayormartins@gmail.com](mailto:rmayormartins@gmail.com)
- Homepage: [https://rmayormartins.github.io/](https://rmayormartins.github.io/)
- Twitter: [@rmayormartins](https://twitter.com/rmayormartins)
- GitHub: [https://github.com/rmayormartins](https://github.com/rmayormartins)

## Description

**AIA-Scope** is an advanced analytical tool designed to dissect and examine the components of `.aia` files, which are project files created with MIT App Inventor. This tool provides an overview of AI components, media files, user interface elements and more. It is intended for educators, researchers and developers who want to understand the complexities of App Inventor projects or analyze the construction of various applications in an educational or research environment.

## How to Use

1. **Starting the Application:** Launch AIA-Scope by running the script.
2. **Uploading Files:** Click on the 'Upload .aia Files' button to select the `.aia` files you wish to analyze. You can choose multiple files at once for a batch analysis.
3. **Analyzing the Files:** After selecting the files, click on the 'Submit' button. The tool will process each file, extracting and analyzing various components like AI patterns, media files, and UI elements.
4. **Viewing the Results:** Once the analysis is complete, the results will be displayed on the screen. The output includes detailed information such as the count of different components, types of AI elements used, media files included, and other specific characteristics of each project.
5. **Interpreting the Data:** The results are presented in a clear, tabular format for easy interpretation. You can review the data to gain insights into the structure and components of each App Inventor project.
6. **Error Handling:** In case of any errors, such as corrupt files or unsupported formats, the tool will display an  error message, allowing you to make necessary adjustments.

Feel free to experiment with different `.aia` files to explore the capabilities of AIA-Scope and understand the architecture of App Inventor projects more deeply.

Contact me if you have any questions!

## other
Confira a referência de configuração em [Hugging Face Spaces Config Reference](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/spaces-config-reference).
